This is a readme for the 0x02-shell_redirections directory The directory contains: 0-hello_world: an executable file that prints 'Hello, World!' to standard output 1-confused_smiley: an executable file that displays a smiley on standard output 2-hellofile: an executable file that displays the contents of a file on stdout 3-twofiles: an executbale file that displays the contents of two files 4-lastlines: an executable file that displays the last ten lines of a file on stdout 5-firstlines: an executable file that displays the first ten lines of a file on stdout 6-third_line: an executable file that displays the thrid line of a specified file 7-file: an executable file that creates a written file 8-cwd_state: an executable file that shows the current files within a specififc directory and saves the result in a file 9-duplicate_last_line: an executable file that duplicates the last line of a file 10-no_more_js: an executable file that deletes all the regular files with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders. 11-directories: an executable file that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.

The current and parent directories should not be taken into account
Hidden directories should be counted
12-newest_files: an excutable file that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.

One file per line
Sorted from the newest to the oldest
13-unique: an executable file that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. 14-findthatword: an executable file that displays lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd 16-whatsnext: an executable file that displays lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd. 17-hidethisword: an executable file that displays all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”. 18-letteronly: an executable file that displays all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter. 19-AZ: an executable file that replaces all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively. 20-hiago: an executable file that removes all letters c and C from input. 21-reverse: an executable file that reverses input 22-users_and_homes: an executable file that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users based on the the /etc/passwd file
